docs/index.md, before:

# Welcome to Pack 1158

Pack 1158 is a Cub Scout Pack operating out of Ashburn, VA and serving
[Ashburn](https://www.lcps.org/ashburn) and [Seldens Landing
](https://www.lcps.org/seldenslanding) elementary schools. Pack 1158 belongs to
the [Goose Creek District](https://www.ncacbsa.org/goose-creek/) of the
[National Capital Area Council](https://www.ncacbsa.org/) of the [Boy Scouts of
America](https://www.scouting.org/) and is chartered by the [Rotary Club of
Dulles International Airport](http://dullesairportrotary.org/).

## Upcoming Events

- Rank Advancement & Awards Ceremony (10 June 2018)
- ["Passport to Adventure" Day/Twilight Camp (18-22 June 2018)](events/passport-to-adventure.md)
- [Soda Bottle Rocket Derby (23 June 2018)](events/soda-bottle-rocket-derby.md)
- [Independence Day Parade (4 July 2018)](events/independence-day-parade.md)
- Goshen Camp (9-13 July 2018)
- [Potomac Nationals Scout Night (28 July 2018)](events/potomac-nationals-scout-night.md)

## Contact

- General Information: [info@pack1158.net](mailto:info@pack1158.net)
- Committee Chair: [Brad Chambers](mailto:cchair@pack1158.net)
- Cubmaster: [Graham Edwards](mailto:cubmaster@pack1158.net)

Commit message:

Add info on summertime pack award

docs/index.md, after:

# Welcome to Pack 1158

Pack 1158 is a Cub Scout Pack operating out of Ashburn, VA and serving
[Ashburn](https://www.lcps.org/ashburn) and [Seldens Landing
](https://www.lcps.org/seldenslanding) elementary schools. Pack 1158 belongs to
the [Goose Creek District](https://www.ncacbsa.org/goose-creek/) of the
[National Capital Area Council](https://www.ncacbsa.org/) of the [Boy Scouts of
America](https://www.scouting.org/) and is chartered by the [Rotary Club of
Dulles International Airport](http://dullesairportrotary.org/).

## National Summertime Pack Award Events

All events listed below count toward the [National Summertime Pack
Award](https://www.scouting.org/awards/awards-central/national-summertime/).
This is an individual recognition, and scouts participating in three eligible
events (one per month) are eligible to wear the National Summertime Pack Award
pin on the right pocket flap of their uniform.  Parents and den leaders should
work together to make sure attendance is noted in Scoutbook. _Note that
additional events can be arranged, anything from a picnic to a hike or a
pick-up kickball game. If you have an idea, just let us know!_

### June

- Rank Advancement & Awards Ceremony (10 June 2018)
- ["Passport to Adventure" Day/Twilight Camp (18-22 June 2018)](events/passport-to-adventure.md)
- [Soda Bottle Rocket Derby (23 June 2018)](events/soda-bottle-rocket-derby.md)

### July

- [Independence Day Parade (4 July 2018)](events/independence-day-parade.md)
- Goshen Camp (9-13 July 2018)
- [Potomac Nationals Scout Night (28 July 2018)](events/potomac-nationals-scout-night.md)

### August

- [Water Mine Back to School Blast (TBD)](events/water-mine-back-to-school-blast.md)

## Contact

- General Information: [info@pack1158.net](mailto:info@pack1158.net)
- Committee Chair: [Brad Chambers](mailto:cchair@pack1158.net)
- Cubmaster: [Graham Edwards](mailto:cubmaster@pack1158.net)
